c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.g.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\Main.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\Main.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\LogicLayer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\PresentationLayer.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\BackEndLayer.dll
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\LogicLayer.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\PresentationLayer.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\BackEndLayer.pdb
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.exe
c:\users\asus\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\new\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.exe
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\Main.exe
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\Main.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.dll
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\LogicLayer.dll
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\PresentationLayer.exe
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\BackEndLayer.dll
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\DataAccessLayer.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\LogicLayer.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\PresentationLayer.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\BackEndLayer.pdb
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.g.resources
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\obj\x86\Debug\Main.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\vemo\Desktop\MaxStarMedicalClinicV3.0\MaxStarMedicalClinic\Main\bin\Debug\MySql.Data.dll
